I want to create a web application that will help me keep track of the amount of time I spend on focused creative work each day. I want to call the application Focus Tracker, and I want this to be a web-based application that is mobile-first. So the layout and the design need to be like you know mobile-first.

I want this application to be built using Next.js, and I wanted to use TypeScript, and then I want it to make use of Tailwind as well.

So the front-end should be created using TypeScript, whereas the back-end, I want it to be created using Python. And I want the front-end to be a separate concern and the back-end should be a separate concern. They should communicate with each other using REST API.

The application should start with providing a login page so that the users can either sign up or sign in to the application. For authorization, make use of Google Firebase.If the user had previously signed in, obviously they shouldn't come to the space; they should directly go to the app. You should remember that the person has already logged in, and they should just take them directly to the application.

Once they have logged in (if they haven't already), on the main page of the application, they should have a big, easy-to-click/tap button that enables them to indicate that they are now starting to do focused work. A timer should start running, indicating the amount of time that they are doing this creative work. They should be able to stop it (not pause) - the whole idea of this application is that they should be able to do continuous amounts of time they spend doing continuous work.The idea is that after they have pressed the Start button one time, the timer should start running. When they want to stop or if they get distracted and do something else, they can just press the button again and it should stop. The timer, and the amount of time spent between the start and stop clicks is one segment of uninterrupted focused work. This time should be recorded in the database for that particular day so that they have spent.They should essentially be able to keep on doing this as many times as they want, as they could throughout the day to log the amount of time that they have spent doing focused work.On the main page, we also want to have an indicator/UI element that shows the user how much time till now they have spent on doing focused work.

At the bottom of the page, I want to have a UI element that is more like a graph showing the amount of time they have been doing focused work each day for the last 30 days.
